monerod: zmq; add restricted & confirm external (#303)
monero-project/monero-docs: docs/en/interacting/monerod-reference.md

| `--rpc-payment-allow-free-loopback`   | Allow free access from the loopback address (ie, the local host).
| `--zmq-rpc-bind-ip <arg>`             | IP for ZMQ RPC server to listen on. This is not yet widely used as ZMQ interface currently does not provide meaningful advantage over classic JSON-RPC interface.<br><br>(=127.0.0.1)
| `--zmq-rpc-bind-port <arg>`           | Port for ZMQ RPC server to listen on. <br><br> By default `18082` for mainnet, `38082` for stagenet, and `28082` for testnet.
| `--confirm-zmq-rpc-external-bind`     | Confirm zmq-rpc-bind-ip value is NOT a loopback (local) IP

> | `--restricted-zmq-rpc`                | Restrict ZMQ RPC to view-only / non-sensitive methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--restricted-zmq-rpc`                | Restrict ZMQ RPC by disabling some sensitive methods; does not guarantee filtering of sensitive data
```

https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pull/10503
